[[search-aggregations-random-sampler-aggregation]]
=== Random sampler aggregation
++++
<titleabbrev>Random sampler</titleabbrev>
++++

experimental::[]

The `random_sampler` aggregation is a single bucket aggregation that randomly
includes documents in the aggregated results. Sampling provides significant
speed improvement at the cost of accuracy.

The sampling is accomplished by providing a random subset of the entire set of
documents in a shard. If a filter query is provided in the search request, that
filter is applied over the sampled subset. Consequently, if a filter is
restrictive, very few documents might match; therefore, the statistics might not
be as accurate.

NOTE: This aggregation is not to be confused with the
<<search-aggregations-bucket-sampler-aggregation,sampler aggregation>>. The
sampler aggregation is not over all documents; rather, it samples the first `n`
documents matched by the query.

[source,console]
----
GET kibana_sample_data_ecommerce/_search?size=0&track_total_hits=false
{
  "aggregations": {
    "sampling": {
      "random_sampler": {
        "probability": 0.1
      },
      "aggs": {
        "price_percentiles": {
          "percentiles": {
            "field": "taxful_total_price"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
----
// TEST[setup:kibana_sample_data_ecommerce]

[[random-sampler-top-level-params]]
==== Top-level parameters for random_sampler

`probability`::
(Required, float) The probability that a document will be included in the
aggregated data. Must be greater than 0, less than `0.5`, or exactly `1`. The
lower the probability, the fewer documents are matched.

`seed`::
(Optional, integer) The seed to generate the random sampling of documents. When
a seed is provided, the random subset of documents is the same between calls.

[[random-sampler-inner-workings]]
==== How does the sampling work?

The aggregation is a random sample of all the documents in the index. In other
words, the sampling is over the background set of documents. If a query is
provided, a document is returned if it is matched by the query and if the
document is in the random sampling. The sampling is not done over the matched
documents.

Consider the set of documents `[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]`. Your query matches `[1, 3, 5]`
and the randomly sampled set is `[2, 4, 5]`. In this case, the document returned
would be `[5]`.

This type of sampling provides almost linear performance in relation to sampling
probability.

////
image::images/aggregations/random-sampler-agg-graph.png[Graph of the median speedup by downsample factor,align="center"]
////

This sample is generated by sampling values from the geometric distribution
(`(1-p)^(k-1)*p`) at the provided `probability` (`p` in distribution equation).
The values returned from the distribution indicate how many documents to skip in
the background. It follows that the expected success from the distribution is
`(1-p)/p`. For example, with the `"probability": 0.01`, the expected success (or
average number of documents skipped) would be `99` with a variance of `9900`.
Consequently, if you had only 80 documents in your index or matched by your
filter, you would most likely receive no results.
