ElasticsearchFormattingPlugin.java
 ElasticsearchFormattingPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/match/AddMatch.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.match.AddMatch
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/ValidateJsonAgainstSchemaTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ValidateJsonAgainstSchemaTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalPluginBuildPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalPluginBuildPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalPluginBuildPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/vagrant/VagrantBasePlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.vagrant.VagrantBasePlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.vagrant.VagrantBasePlugin$VagrantManagerPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.vagrant.VagrantBasePlugin$VagrantSetupCheckerPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/ResolveAllDependencies.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.ResolveAllDependencies
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/DependencyLicensesTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.DependencyLicensesTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/PomValidationPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.PomValidationPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalDistributionBwcSetupPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionBwcSetupPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionBwcSetupPlugin$BwcTaskThrottle
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionBwcSetupPlugin$DistributionProject
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionBwcSetupPlugin$DistributionProjectArtifact
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/util/Util.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.Util
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.Util$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/DefaultTestClustersTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.DefaultTestClustersTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/DistributionArchiveCheckExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.DistributionArchiveCheckExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/plugin/PluginType.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.plugin.PluginType
org/elasticsearch/gradle/util/PermissionUtils.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.util.PermissionUtils
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/length/ReplaceKeyInLength.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.length.ReplaceKeyInLength
ElasticsearchFipsPlugin.java
 ElasticsearchFipsPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/plugin/PluginBuildPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.plugin.PluginBuildPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.plugin.PluginBuildPlugin$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.plugin.PluginBuildPlugin$1$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.plugin.PluginBuildPlugin$2
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/JdkDownloadPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.JdkDownloadPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalAvailableTcpPortProviderPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalAvailableTcpPortProviderPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalAvailableTcpPortProviderPlugin$InternalAvailableTcpPortProviderRootPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/vagrant/VagrantExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.vagrant.VagrantExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/warnings/InjectAllowedWarnings.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.warnings.InjectAllowedWarnings
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalReaperPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalReaperPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/ValidateJsonNoKeywordsTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ValidateJsonNoKeywordsTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/RestIntegTestTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.RestIntegTestTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/PublishPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.PublishPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/distribution/DebElasticsearchDistributionType.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.distribution.DebElasticsearchDistributionType
ElasticsearchRuntimeJdkProvisionPlugin.java
 ElasticsearchRuntimeJdkProvisionPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/PomValidationTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.PomValidationTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/checkstyle/SnippetLengthCheck.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.checkstyle.SnippetLengthCheck
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.checkstyle.SnippetLengthCheck$LineItr
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/JavaClassPublicifier.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.JavaClassPublicifier
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalBwcGitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalBwcGitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalTestArtifactExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalTestArtifactExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/LoggerUsageTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.LoggerUsageTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/TestingConventionRule.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.TestingConventionRule
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/CheckstylePrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.CheckstylePrecommitPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.CheckstylePrecommitPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/util/ports/PortDetector.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.ports.PortDetector
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/PrecommitTaskPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitTaskPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/util/ports/AvailablePortAllocator.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.ports.AvailablePortAllocator
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/ThirdPartyAuditTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ThirdPartyAuditTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/SymbolicLinkPreservingTar.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar$SymbolicLinkPreservingTarCopyAction
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar$SymbolicLinkPreservingTarCopyAction$SymbolicLinkPreservingTarStreamAction
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalTestClustersPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalTestClustersPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/FilePermissionsPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.FilePermissionsPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/distribution/DockerIronBankElasticsearchDistributionType.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.distribution.DockerIronBankElasticsearchDistributionType
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/TestWithSslPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.TestWithSslPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/RestTestContext.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.RestTestContext
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/DependenciesGraphTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.DependenciesGraphTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ElasticsearchDistribution.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchDistribution
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchDistribution$Platform
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/RestTestTransformByParentArray.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.RestTestTransformByParentArray
org/elasticsearch/gradle/AbstractLazyPropertyCollection.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.AbstractLazyPropertyCollection
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/CopyRestApiTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.CopyRestApiTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/InternalClusterTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.InternalClusterTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestDistribution.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestDistribution
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/vagrant/VagrantMachine.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.vagrant.VagrantMachine
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.vagrant.VagrantMachine$ProgressOutputStream
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.vagrant.VagrantMachine$VagrantExecSpec
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/feature/FeatureInjector.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.feature.FeatureInjector
org/elasticsearch/gradle/distribution/IntegTestZipElasticsearchDistributionType.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.distribution.IntegTestZipElasticsearchDistributionType
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/StandaloneRestIntegTestTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.StandaloneRestIntegTestTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/DistroTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.DistroTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/util/JavaUtil.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.JavaUtil
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/LoggingOutputStream.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.LoggingOutputStream
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/LicenseAnalyzer.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.LicenseAnalyzer
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.LicenseAnalyzer$LicenseInfo
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.LicenseAnalyzer$LicenseMatcher
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rerun/executer/RerunTestResultProcessor.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rerun.executer.RerunTestResultProcessor
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/text/ReplaceTextual.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.text.ReplaceTextual
org/elasticsearch/gradle/VersionProperties.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.VersionProperties
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ElasticsearchDistributionType.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ElasticsearchDistributionType
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/Fixture.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.Fixture
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/LicenseHeadersTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.LicenseHeadersTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/RestResourcesPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.RestResourcesPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/LazyPropertyList.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyPropertyList
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyPropertyList$PropertyListEntry
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/util/ports/DefaultReservedPortRangeFactory.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.ports.DefaultReservedPortRangeFactory
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/warnings/RemoveWarnings.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.warnings.RemoveWarnings
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rerun/executer/RerunTestExecuter.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rerun.executer.RerunTestExecuter
ElasticsearchForbiddenDependenciesPlugin.java
 ElasticsearchForbiddenDependenciesPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/ForbiddenPatternsTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ForbiddenPatternsTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/dependencies/CompileOnlyResolvePlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.dependencies.CompileOnlyResolvePlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/GradleDistroTestTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.GradleDistroTestTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/docker/TransformLog4jConfigFilter.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.TransformLog4jConfigFilter
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/Jdk.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.Jdk
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.Jdk$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.Jdk$2
org/elasticsearch/gradle/DistributionResolution.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.DistributionResolution
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.DistributionResolution$Resolver
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/vagrant/VagrantProgressLogger.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.vagrant.VagrantProgressLogger
org/elasticsearch/gradle/FileSupplier.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.FileSupplier
org/elasticsearch/gradle/plugin/PluginPropertiesExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.plugin.PluginPropertiesExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/DependencyLicensesPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.DependencyLicensesPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalTestArtifactPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalTestArtifactPlugin
ElasticsearchRunPlugin.java
 ElasticsearchRunPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/docker/DockerSupportService.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.DockerSupportService
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.DockerSupportService$DockerAvailability
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.DockerSupportService$Parameters
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.DockerSupportService$Result
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/distribution/DockerUbiElasticsearchDistributionType.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.distribution.DockerUbiElasticsearchDistributionType
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/headers/InjectHeaders.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.headers.InjectHeaders
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/RestTestTransformByParentObject.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.RestTestTransformByParentObject
org/elasticsearch/gradle/FixtureStop.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.FixtureStop
ElasticsearchBuildScanPlugin.java
 ElasticsearchBuildScanPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/BwcSetupExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.BwcSetupExtension
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.BwcSetupExtension$IndentingOutputStream
org/elasticsearch/gradle/DistributionDownloadPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.DistributionDownloadPlugin
ElasticsearchBwcTestPlugin.java
 ElasticsearchBwcTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/match/ReplaceKeyInMatch.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.match.ReplaceKeyInMatch
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/info/BuildParams.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.info.BuildParams
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.info.BuildParams$InternalMarker
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.info.BuildParams$MutableBuildParams
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin$2
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin$3
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin$4
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/util/ports/ReservedPortRange.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.ports.ReservedPortRange
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/DistributionArchive.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.DistributionArchive
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rerun/TestTaskConfigurer.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rerun.TestTaskConfigurer
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rerun.TestTaskConfigurer$InitTaskAction
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/WaitForHttpResource.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.WaitForHttpResource
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/InternalPrecommitTasks.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.InternalPrecommitTasks
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalDistributionDownloadPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionDownloadPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionDownloadPlugin$ProjectBasedDistributionDependency
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/util/ports/DefaultPortDetector.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.ports.DefaultPortDetector
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/ThirdPartyAuditPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ThirdPartyAuditPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/distribution/RpmElasticsearchDistributionType.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.distribution.RpmElasticsearchDistributionType
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/BwcVersions.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.BwcVersions
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.BwcVersions$UnreleasedVersionInfo
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/UpdateShasTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.UpdateShasTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/text/ReplaceIsFalse.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.text.ReplaceIsFalse
ElasticsearchIdePlugin.java
 ElasticsearchIdePlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/LoggerUsagePrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.LoggerUsagePrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/do_/ReplaceKeyInDo.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.do_.ReplaceKeyInDo
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/RepositoriesSetupPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.RepositoriesSetupPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/TestWithDependenciesPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.TestWithDependenciesPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/Version.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.Version
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.Version$Mode
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/StandaloneRestTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.StandaloneRestTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rerun/TestRerunPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rerun.TestRerunPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/distribution/DockerElasticsearchDistributionType.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.distribution.DockerElasticsearchDistributionType
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/FilePermissionsTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.FilePermissionsTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/TestingConventionsPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.TestingConventionsPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/ElasticsearchJavaPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.ElasticsearchJavaPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.ElasticsearchJavaPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/TestingConventionsTasks.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.TestingConventionsTasks
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.TestingConventionsTasks$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/PrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/ForbiddenPatternsPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ForbiddenPatternsPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/distribution/ElasticsearchDistributionTypes.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.distribution.ElasticsearchDistributionTypes
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/SystemPropertyCommandLineArgumentProvider.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.SystemPropertyCommandLineArgumentProvider
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/checkstyle/MissingJavadocTypeCheck.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.checkstyle.MissingJavadocTypeCheck
ElasticsearchLocalDistributionPlugin.java
 ElasticsearchLocalDistributionPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/ElasticsearchTestBasePlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.ElasticsearchTestBasePlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.ElasticsearchTestBasePlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/ExportElasticsearchBuildResourcesTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.ExportElasticsearchBuildResourcesTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/MavenFilteringHack.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.MavenFilteringHack
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/match/RemoveMatch.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.match.RemoveMatch
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/ErrorReportingTestListener.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.ErrorReportingTestListener
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.ErrorReportingTestListener$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.ErrorReportingTestListener$Descriptor
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.ErrorReportingTestListener$EventWriter
ElasticsearchBuildCompletePlugin.java
 ElasticsearchBuildCompletePlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/match/ReplaceValueInMatch.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.match.ReplaceValueInMatch
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/rest/compat/RestCompatTestTransformTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.rest.compat.RestCompatTestTransformTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/util/GradleUtils.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.util.GradleUtils
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/docker/DockerSupportPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.DockerSupportPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalTestArtifactBasePlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalTestArtifactBasePlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/CopyRestTestsTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.CopyRestTestsTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/PrecommitTasks.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitTasks
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/ValidateRestSpecPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ValidateRestSpecPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/docker/DockerBuildTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.DockerBuildTask
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.DockerBuildTask$DockerBuildAction
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.DockerBuildTask$Parameters
org/elasticsearch/gradle/LazyFileOutputStream.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyFileOutputStream
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyFileOutputStream$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/JarHellPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.JarHellPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/JavaRestTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.JavaRestTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/docker/ShellRetry.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.ShellRetry
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/ReplaceByKey.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.ReplaceByKey
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/BwcGitExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.BwcGitExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/DependenciesInfoTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.DependenciesInfoTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/PropertyNormalization.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.PropertyNormalization
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/testfixtures/DockerComposeThrottle.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.testfixtures.DockerComposeThrottle
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/RestTestTransformGlobalTeardown.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.RestTestTransformGlobalTeardown
org/elasticsearch/gradle/transform/SymbolicLinkPreservingUntarTransform.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.transform.SymbolicLinkPreservingUntarTransform
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/RestTestBasePlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.RestTestBasePlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/OS.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.OS
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.OS$Conditional
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersThrottle.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersThrottle
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClusterConfiguration.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClusterConfiguration
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/LicenseHeadersPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.LicenseHeadersPrecommitPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalDistributionArchiveSetupPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveSetupPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/util/FileUtils.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.FileUtils
org/elasticsearch/gradle/Architecture.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.Architecture
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/text/ReplaceIsTrue.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.text.ReplaceIsTrue
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin$2
org/elasticsearch/gradle/util/Pair.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.util.Pair
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/JarHellTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.JarHellTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/DependenciesInfoPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.DependenciesInfoPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/BuildPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.BuildPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/DistributionDependency.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.DistributionDependency
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.DistributionDependency$StringBasedDistributionDependency
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/NoticeTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.NoticeTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/rest/compat/YamlRestCompatTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.rest.compat.YamlRestCompatTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/YamlRestTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.YamlRestTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/util/ports/ReservedPortRangeFactory.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.util.ports.ReservedPortRangeFactory
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/DependenciesGraphPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.DependenciesGraphPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.DependenciesGraphPlugin$DependenciesGraphHookPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ReaperPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ReaperPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/LazyPropertyMap.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyPropertyMap
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LazyPropertyMap$PropertyMapEntry
org/elasticsearch/gradle/transform/UnpackTransform.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.transform.UnpackTransform
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.transform.UnpackTransform$Parameters
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/SimpleCommandLineArgumentProvider.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.SimpleCommandLineArgumentProvider
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/info/GlobalBuildInfoPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.info.GlobalBuildInfoPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.info.GlobalBuildInfoPlugin$GitInfo
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/RestResourcesExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.RestResourcesExtension
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.RestResourcesExtension$RestResourcesSpec
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.RestResourcesExtension$XpackRestResourcesSpec
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/StandaloneTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.StandaloneTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/ReaperService.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ReaperService
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.ReaperService$Params
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/testfixtures/TestFixturesPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.testfixtures.TestFixturesPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.testfixtures.TestFixturesPlugin$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/distribution/InternalElasticsearchDistributionTypes.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.distribution.InternalElasticsearchDistributionTypes
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rerun/TestRerunTaskExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rerun.TestRerunTaskExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/RestTestTransform.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.RestTestTransform
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/info/JavaHome.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.info.JavaHome
org/elasticsearch/gradle/LoggedExec.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LoggedExec
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.LoggedExec$1
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersException.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersException
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/vagrant/VagrantShellTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.vagrant.VagrantShellTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/EmptyDirTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.EmptyDirTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/distribution/ArchiveElasticsearchDistributionType.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.distribution.ArchiveElasticsearchDistributionType
org/elasticsearch/gradle/precommit/PrecommitTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/DockerBase.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.DockerBase
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/RestTestTransformGlobalSetup.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.RestTestTransformGlobalSetup
org/elasticsearch/gradle/transform/UnzipTransform.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.transform.UnzipTransform
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/testfixtures/TestFixtureExtension.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.testfixtures.TestFixtureExtension
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/RestTestPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.RestTestPlugin
org/elasticsearch/gradle/FileSystemOperationsAware.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.FileSystemOperationsAware
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/ConcatFilesTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.ConcatFilesTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/warnings/InjectWarnings.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.warnings.InjectWarnings
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/RestTestTransformer.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.RestTestTransformer
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/RestTestUtil.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.RestTestUtil
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersAware.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersAware
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/RunTask.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.RunTask
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersRegistry.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersRegistry
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersPlugin.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin$TestClustersHookPlugin
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin$TestClustersHookPlugin$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin$TestClustersHookPlugin$2
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/ElasticsearchNode.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.ElasticsearchNode
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.ElasticsearchNode$CliEntry
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.ElasticsearchNode$FileEntry
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.ElasticsearchNode$LinkCreationException
org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/ElasticsearchCluster.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.ElasticsearchCluster
