org/elasticsearch/gradle/testclusters/WaitForHttpResourceTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters.WaitForHttpResourceTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/length/ReplaceKeyInLengthTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.length.ReplaceKeyInLengthTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/warnings/InjectWarningsTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.warnings.InjectWarningsTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/header/InjectHeaderTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.header.InjectHeaderTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/ConcatFilesTaskTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.ConcatFilesTaskTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/match/AddMatchTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.match.AddMatchTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/AssertObjectNodes.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.AssertObjectNodes
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/DependencyLicensesTaskTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.DependencyLicensesTaskTests
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.DependencyLicensesTaskTests$1
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.DependencyLicensesTaskTests$2
org/elasticsearch/gradle/AbstractDistributionDownloadPluginTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.AbstractDistributionDownloadPluginTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/doc/RestTestFromSnippetsTaskTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.doc.RestTestFromSnippetsTaskTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/BwcVersionsTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.BwcVersionsTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/VersionTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.VersionTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/match/ReplaceKeyInMatchTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.match.ReplaceKeyInMatchTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/checkstyle/SnipptLengthCheckTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.checkstyle.SnipptLengthCheckTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/UpdateShasTaskTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.UpdateShasTaskTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/warnings/RemoveWarningsTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.warnings.RemoveWarningsTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/docker/TransformLog4jConfigFilterTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.TransformLog4jConfigFilterTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/doc/SnippetsTaskTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.doc.SnippetsTaskTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/ForbiddenPatternsTaskTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.ForbiddenPatternsTaskTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/warnings/InjectWarningsRegexTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.warnings.InjectWarningsRegexTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/TransformTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.TransformTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/match/ReplaceValueInMatchTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.match.ReplaceValueInMatchTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/EmptyDirTaskTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.EmptyDirTaskTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/warnings/InjectAllowedWarningsTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.warnings.InjectAllowedWarningsTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/InternalDistributionDownloadPluginTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionDownloadPluginTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/do_/ReplaceKeyInDoTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.do_.ReplaceKeyInDoTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/precommit/FilePermissionsTaskTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.precommit.FilePermissionsTaskTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/DistributionDownloadPluginTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.DistributionDownloadPluginTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/match/RemoveMatchTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.match.RemoveMatchTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/feature/InjectFeatureTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.feature.InjectFeatureTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/JdkDownloadPluginTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.JdkDownloadPluginTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/warnings/InjectAllowedWarningsRegexTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.warnings.InjectAllowedWarningsRegexTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/docker/DockerSupportServiceTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.docker.DockerSupportServiceTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/plugin/PluginPropertiesExtensionTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.plugin.PluginPropertiesExtensionTests
org/elasticsearch/gradle/internal/test/rest/transform/text/ReplaceTextualTests.java
 org.elasticsearch.gradle.internal.test.rest.transform.text.ReplaceTextualTests
